capital = 622



# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	basic_train = 1
	mobile_warfare = 1
	trade_interdiction = 1
	formation_flying = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	basic_medium_tank_chassis = 1
	improved_medium_tank_chassis=1
	basic_heavy_tank_chassis = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	artillery1 = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	basic_naval_mines = 1
	submarine_mine_laying = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	basic_battery = 1
	basic_light_battery = 1
	basic_heavy_battery = 1
	basic_medium_battery = 1
	improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	mtg_transport = 1
	coastal_defense_ships = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		#cruiser_submarines = 1
	basic_dp_light_battery = 1
	aa_lmg = 1
	engines_1 = 1
	engines_2 = 1
	early_bombs = 1
	aircraft_construction = 1
	iw_small_airframe = 1
	iw_medium_airframe = 1
	iw_large_airframe = 1
	basic_medium_airframe = 1
	basic_small_airframe = 1
	air_torpedoe_1 = 1
	bba_early_transport_plane = 1


}
#开始时的科技
set_stability = 0.7
#设置稳定度，例如70%稳定度，则填入0.7
set_war_support = 0.7
#设置战争支持度
recruit_character = PRC_mao_zedong
recruit_character = PRC_zhu_de
recruit_character = PRC_chen_yi
recruit_character = PRC_peng_dehuai
recruit_character = PRC_lin_biao
recruit_character = PRC_kwong_hu
recruit_character = PRC_luo_zhao
recruit_character = PRC_liang_ma
recruit_character = PRC_ma_jin
recruit_character = PRC_ziao_jingguang
recruit_character = PRC_nie_rongzhen
recruit_character = PRC_su_yu
recruit_character = PRC_liu_bocheng
recruit_character = PRC_chen_geng
recruit_character = PRC_gao_qiu
recruit_character = PRC_liang_shen
recruit_character = PRC_otto_braun
recruit_character = PRC_gao_gang
recruit_character = PRC_fang_zeyi
recruit_character = PRC_xu_xiangqian
recruit_character = PRC_deng_ye_peng
recruit_character = PRC_ye_jianying
recruit_character = PRC_hsia_tian
recruit_character = PRC_zhang_wei
recruit_character = PRC_zhou_enlai
recruit_character = PRC_liu_shaoqi
recruit_character = PRC_lin_bojiu
recruit_character = PRC_dong_biwu
recruit_character = PRC_he_yuandang


save_global_event_target_as = WTT_communist_china



set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	communism = 100
}

add_ideas = {
	PRC_MA_trouble 
}
set_variable = {PRC_poster_slot_num = 0}